alright hey guys cooking and creations
32 here on this nice day a week exactly
a week before Christmas I'm pretty
excited so here's my homemade block then
it's another homemade one I'm going to
try to do some videos on my new bow and
stuff here soon but anyways there's my
homemade blowgun it's 5 note 5 and 3/4
feet feet long I'm gonna be doing a
power test today shooting 10 yards at
that milk jug filled with purple liquid
I'll be testing out the full broadhead
dart the bamboo dart the stun dart and
the mini broad head dart and then I just
have an old big bore blowgun quiver on
here with some bamboo darts and then I
have a mouthpiece that I got for off of
an old little nerf blowgun but anyway so
we're gonna go test them out so here we
go first one will be with the bamboo
dart
so as you can see it's good penetration
next shot will be with the stun dart it
probably won't go through because it's
just a blunt tip like that
22 shell things oh here we go
oh wow
Wow actually put a hole in it as you can
see it's leaking really bad it's pretty
good next shot will be with the mini
Brodhead dog
all right so so you can see it goes all
the way through and it's leaking pretty
badly so next shot our last shot is with
the full broadhead dog okay
here's the test results the full
broadhead went all the way through you
can see all the way through and there's
the hole the mini broad head is stuck in
there right now
leave our food art got about seven
inches of penetration stun dart blew a
hole right into there right there blew a
hole right into it and then the mini
broad head dart is right in there so
let's go ahead and targets out the full
broad head first
okay so as you can see it's already but
it's already leaked out from all these
other darts but we'll just go ahead and
pour it so as you can see it has a
really big blood channel bigger than all
the other ones cuts a huge hole in this
upper so anyways
that's just with my homemade blowgun
five and five feet and three four seven
feet long but footlong just with came
out tight mouth beats big more blowgun
quiver hold my darts and then I have a
site right on the tip ever right there
so bye guys